feat: add preliminary support for monorepos (#186)
nearform/optic-release-automation-action: README.md

            npm run build
```

## Monorepo support

For now our monorepo support is relatively basic, you can add a list with packages that you can select when creating a new release.

```yml
on:
  workflow_dispatch:
#...
    monorepo-package:
      description: "The package to be released"
      required: true
      type: choice
      options:
        - packages/express-server
        - packages/react-app

>         - packages/shared-data

Author: There's no way to use it without monorepo-root, it will always default to packages if the user doesn't supply it.

            npm run build
```

## Releasing monorepo packages

> For use in a monorepo this action expects two new inputs `monorepo-package` and `monorepo-root`, they will be used to run command and publish from the package folder instead of the project root.

Reviewer: what is the "project root" here? I don't see this as a configurable option, so at the moment I assume this means "repository root"?

Reviewer: if you had a single package, but it lived in a subdirectory of your repository, could monorepo-root be used without monorepo-package?

Perhaps just a "root" is needed, or maybe "working-directory", "workingDir"?

Reviewer: Given a repository of the structure

```
yarn.lock
|-packages
  |-my-package-1
  |-my-package-2
```

I would expect the name "monorepo-root" to mean where your lock file is.

But I think you are using it here to refer to the packages directory.

I wonder if packages could include paths, so for the above you would have

```yml
root: .
packages:
  - packages/my-package-1
  - packages/my-package-2
```

And though possibly uncommon would support a repository that looked like:

``
my-java-project
|-Jenkinsfile.jank
my-node-project
|-yarn.lock
  |-packages
    |-my-package-1
    |-my-package-2
```

with

```yml
root: my-node-project
packages:
  - packages/my-package-1
  - packages/my-package-2
```

Author: > if you had a single package, but it lived in a subdirectory of your repository, could monorepo-root be used without monorepo-package?
> 
> Perhaps just a "root" is needed, or maybe "working-directory", "workingDir"?

I agree it could be useful but I think it would be better suited for another PR since it isn't related to monorepos

| `sync-semver-tags`| No    | If you want to keep the major and minor versions git tags synced to the latest appropriate commit <br /> (_Default: `false`_)                                                                  |
| `notify-linked-issues`| No       | An optional flag to enable an automatic comment on all issues linked to each release so that people following those issues get notified of the code being released. <br /> (_Default: `true`_)                                                                  |
| `artifact-path`| No       | Set this input to the distribution folder or file you want to add as the main asset for your release. It will be downloadable from the release page and a preview of it will be available in the pull request.                                                                  |
| `version-prefix`       | No       | A prefix to apply to the version number, which reflects in the tag and GitHub release names. <br /> (_Default: 'v'_)|

> | `monorepo-package`     | No       | The monorepo package folder to be released without path |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `monorepo-package`     | No       | The name of the monorepo package folder to be released, relative to `monorepo-root` |
```
